# WikiTest 

Firstly, the terms of WP:Standard offer stipulate that the editor should have made "no edit, using any account or anonymously, on English Wikipedia" for a period of six months... perhaps that isn't intended to cover edits made during previous unblock requests, but even so with the sheer volume of recent unblock requests, it doesn't seem like the underlying motivation of that six month period, that you step away from the project, pursue other activities and let time pass, has been met. Secondly, per SpacemanSpiff below and also per the previous unblock request, which was closed 1 day before this one was filed, there is basically no chance the community will support an unblock request at this time, and per general admin consensus here and above it is not worth taking it to AN at this time. There might be a route back for Neel.arunabh to resume editing eventually, but as I see it it will require stepping away for a period of at least six months first, stopping and then demonstrating genuine understanding about the reasons for the community ban and identifying a clear path to rectifying those reasons, beyond just bland statements of "I will be able to contribute here without causing major issues". The requests so far do not show a genuine understanding, and additionally Neel has engaged in what is considered inappropriate behaviour off-wiki. This is now the fourth SO request in three months and there's a general consensus that it's becoming disruptive, so I am removing talk page access at this time. Per WP:TPA, "disruptive use of the unblock template may prompt an administrator to remove the blocked user's ability to edit their talk page. In this case, a block may still be appealed by submitting a request to the Unblock Ticket Request System.". I'm genuinely sorry it's come to this, and I wish Neel well, but there's no point dragging this out longer at this point. Cheers. 
